Readding the Provision section to the workshop (#1693)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/local-environment/_index.md

   kind: Cluster
   metadata:
   name: dev-cluster
   spec:
   clusterNetwork:
      cni: cilium
      pods:
         cidrBlocks:
         - 192.168.0.0/16
      services:
         cidrBlocks:
         - 10.96.0.0/12
   controlPlaneConfiguration:
      count: 1
   datacenterRef:
      kind: DockerDatacenterConfig
      name: dev-cluster
   externalEtcdConfiguration:
      count: 1
   kubernetesVersion: "1.21"
   managementCluster:
      name: dev-cluster
   workerNodeGroupConfigurations:
   - count: 1
      name: md-0
   ---
   apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1
   kind: DockerDatacenterConfig
   metadata:
   name: dev-cluster
   spec: {}
   ```

  Some key considerations and configuration parameters:
  * Apart from the base configuration, you can add additional optional configuration to enable supported functionalities
    * [OIDC](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/reference/clusterspec/oidc/) 
    * [etcd](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/reference/clusterspec/etcd/)
    * [proxy](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/reference/clusterspec/proxy/)
    * [gitops](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/reference/clusterspec/gitops/)

> For full EKS Anywhere configuration reference for a VMware vSphere cluster and explanation on each parameter in the configuration generated above refer vSphere configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full EKS Anywhere configuration reference for a VMware vSphere cluster and explanations of each parameter in the configuration generated above, refer to [vSphere configuration]({{< relref "../../reference/clusterspec/vsphere" >}}).
```
